Only offer concubine tribute when a valid candidate exists (#595)
ProZeratul/CrusaderKings3UnofficialPatch: common/scripted_triggers/tgp_tribute_mission_triggers.txt

}

has_concubine_tribute_trigger = {
	save_temporary_scope_as = concubine_tribute_giver #Unop remember the offering tributary so the candidate check below can pass it as GIVER
	overlord = {
		is_adult = yes
		save_temporary_scope_as = overlord_check
	}
	custom_tooltip = {
		text = tribute_mission_concubine_interaction.no_valid_concubines

> 		#Unop match the effect's stricter candidate filter (tribute_mission_decision_effect) so the option is only offered when a courtier/guest can actually be sent, instead of the laxer can_become_concubine_of_character_valid_trigger

Author: **reviewer:** Low / non-blocking. This `#Unop` comment is quite long. A shorter marker would read better and match surrounding style, e.g.:
```suggestion
		#Unop match the effect's stricter candidate filter so the option is only shown when a courtier/guest can actually be sent
```
